data/README.md, before:

# Data

The data file(.csv) consists of two columns - the Tweet ID and the Veridicality Annotation. 


The annotations can be interpreted as follows
   
   
   
   * DY- Tweet indicates "definitely yes" towards an event happening (i.e., strong positive veridicality)
   
   
   
   * PY- Tweet indicates "probably yes" towards an event happening (i.e., positive veridicality)
   
   
   
   * ND- Tweet indicates "no desire" towards an event happening (i.e., neutral)
   
   
   
   * PN- Tweet indicates "probably no" towards an event happening (i.e., negative veridicality)
   
   
   
   * DN- Tweet indicates "definitely no" towards an event happening (i.e., strong negative veridicality)
   
   
# Citing our work

If you are using this dataset in your task, cite our work as follows -
          
          
          
          @inproceedings{ssarmcdm2017forecasting,
  	        title      = {"i have a feeling trump will win..................": Forecasting Winners and Losers from User Predictions on Twitter},
  	        author     = {Swamy, Sandesh and Ritter, Alan and de Marneffe, Marie-Catherine},
  	        booktitle  = {Proceedings of the Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing.},
  	        year       = {2017},
  	        url        = {http://aclweb.org/anthology/D17-1166}
  	      }
 
# NOTE

The dataset available here is only a part of the dataset which was used for the task. If you would like access to the entire dataset,
please e-mail swamy.14@osu.edu.

Commit message:

added details about complete dataset

data/README.md, after:

# Data

The annotated data file(.csv) consists of two columns - the Tweet ID and the Veridicality Annotation. 


The annotations can be interpreted as follows
   
   
   
   * DY- Tweet indicates "definitely yes" towards an event happening (i.e., strong positive veridicality)
   
   
   
   * PY- Tweet indicates "probably yes" towards an event happening (i.e., positive veridicality)
   
   
   
   * ND- Tweet indicates "no desire" towards an event happening (i.e., neutral)
   
   
   
   * PN- Tweet indicates "probably no" towards an event happening (i.e., negative veridicality)
   
   
   
   * DN- Tweet indicates "definitely no" towards an event happening (i.e., strong negative veridicality)
   
   
There is also another file - completedataset.txt which contains the entire dataset which was collected for this project. This is a file containing all the Tweet IDs for the tweets we used. Twitter policy restricts from distributing actual text data. If you are having trouble downloading actual text from the IDs, you can refer to [this](https://github.com/aritter/twitter_download) tool courtesy of [Prof. Alan Ritter](https://aritter.github.io)
   
# Citing our work

If you are using this dataset in your task, cite our work as follows -
          
          
          
          @inproceedings{ssarmcdm2017forecasting,
  	        title      = {"i have a feeling trump will win..................": Forecasting Winners and Losers from User Predictions on Twitter},
  	        author     = {Swamy, Sandesh and Ritter, Alan and de Marneffe, Marie-Catherine},
  	        booktitle  = {Proceedings of the Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing.},
  	        year       = {2017},
  	        url        = {http://aclweb.org/anthology/D17-1166}
  	      }
 
# NOTE

The dataset available here is only a part of the dataset which was used for the task. If you would like access to the entire dataset,
please e-mail swamy.14@osu.edu.
